Improvements to converter readme docs (#1027)
usnistgov/OSCAL: xml/README.md

The following example uses **Saxon HE** to convert an OSCAL catalog JSON file to XML using one of the NIST-provided [JSON to XML XSLT converters](convert). This example assumes that has been installed and the Saxon-HE jar files have already unzipped.

```
java -jar "saxon9he.jar" -xsl:"oscal_catalog_json-to-xml-converter.xsl" -o:"oscal-catalog.xml" -it:make-xml json-file="oscal-catalog.json"
```

`-it` indicates the initial template (XSLT entry point) should be 'make-xml'.

> Paths\names given to other settingsneed to be provided based on the location of the files on your computer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths\names given to other settings need to be provided based on the location of the files on your computer:
```

> * The Saxon JAR file is named ```saxon9he.jar```.

Reviewer: Ditto re Saxon9 here.
